welcome back to movies recapped today i
am going to explain an adventure
thriller film called maleficent part 1.
so the film begins with a pretty girl
her age was 10 to 12 years
her head was adorned with horns and she
also owned wings
her name was maleficent she was a cute
fairy
she was living in a magical forest she
hasn't seen the outer world till now
this beautiful forest was her everything
you can also think that she hasn't seen
humans till now
but still she is happy in her forest
there were all creatures in the forest
except humans
there were also strange animals one day
maleficent was going somewhere in the
forest
she sees a small boy he was of her age
she asks him that who are you
what are you doing here that small boy
tells maleficent that i live in a
kingdom nearby
i have seen a diamond here and i picked
it
maleficent takes that diamond back from
him she says let me drop you to your
kingdom
that voice says that okay i will go but
will you be my friend
and if i will again come to this forest
so can i play here
then maleficent says that this is a
magical forest and it's not good for you
to come here
but let's see with it they shake hands
then maleficent feels current
in fact she felt current from the iron
ring of that boy
she tells that the iron burns the
fairies so don't come while wearing it
after it we see that boy returns to his
kingdom
but that kingdom from which he comes to
that kingdom wants to occupy that forest
the parents of that were also not alive
becomes the good friend of maleficent
and there wasn't in their minds that
they are from the enemy kingdom
they played together and many years
passed like this
that boy used to come there and play
with maleficent now they were grown
older
they both were of 16 years and start
liking each other
maleficent thinks that humans are not
the enemy of fairies
they are nice she also doesn't know that
there is also greed in them
[Music]
one day maleficent was thinking that
many days passed and this boy is here
she remembers one more thing about that
boy he said that when i will grow older
i will occupy my kingdom
there is a castle there i will also get
it this means maleficent was still not
understanding that the boy was greedy
one day maleficent was sitting in her
forest she sees that the king of another
kingdom arrives there with a lot of army
and horses to occupy the forest
maleficent was the fairy of her forest
she knew very well to protect her forest
she stands up
she was more powerful now she says to
the king that you can't come to my
forest
the king says that i didn't ask you with
it he orders his
army that i want her dead body now the
army of the king moves towards the
forest
but the strange creatures while sitting
on the horses from the forest attacked
them
now the king and his army were fully
injured all humans run from there with
fear
that this is the magical forest and we
can't fight with them
the king returns to his kingdom the king
was old and very weak
he gathered all the people he says to
them that you all know that there is a
lot of treasure in that forest
and from the beginning i am saying to
you that we will occupy that forest
but because of my condition i don't
believe i can go there and fight
but i promise you that whoever kills
maleficent i will marry my daughter to
him
then among them a boy comes out he says
that i will go there
you will be shocked after hearing that
who was that boy this was stefan
means that small boy who plays with
maleficent
we see that stefan goes to the rest to
meet maleficent
after many years he goes there and
maleficent asks him that where were you
for many years
don't you think about our friendship he
says that please forgive me i was busy
but i didn't forget you
even now i come here to tell you that
our king wants to kill you
just take care of yourself i am here for
your protection
after it they start talking maleficent
says that i forgive you
because she didn't know that humans
could be worse
she believes in him but stefan was a
greedy man
he makes her drink drugs in the water
and she gets faint
after it stefan picks up the knife and
was about to kill her
but he fails then in the next morning
we see that when maleficent comes into
her senses she has no wings
there were her wounds seeing it
maleficent didn't believe her eyes
she starts screaming and weeping because
her beautiful wings were not with her
now she was not a princess with wings
on the other side we see that stefan
arrives at the king while taking the
wings of maleficent
he says that see i have completed the
promise which i make with you
the king becomes happy with him while
taking the wings from him
he makes him the king of that kingdom
here the dream of stefan also completes
the dream of that greedy man on the
other side we are shown maleficent in
the forest
she was sad because she can't fly now
she was going somewhere while walking
from the forest
she sees that a hunter is about to kill
a crow she can't bear all this
she immediately makes that crow a human
that hunter gets scared and runs from
there
that crow that was now become a human he
comes to her
he says thank you but why you do this
then maleficent says that i couldn't
tell you
my heart feels sympathy for you that
crow says that now i will serve you the
whole life
i will obey you whatever you will say
that crow was happy to become a human
maleficent also agrees on it she names
him diable
diable brings information for her
maleficent comes to know that just to be
king stefan had killed her wings in this
greed
she starts hating humans her trust in
the humans removed
then we see that in the kingdom stefan
had married the daughter of the king
now a daughter born in his house there
were a lot of celebrations
nobody knows that who was coming there
and who was coming there from the far
distance
getting a chance from it maleficent also
goes there
she starts wishing for her she says to
that small baby that you are so pretty
but as you will turn 16 a needle will
prick in your hand
after it you will die then stefan
requests her
and says her not to do this why are you
taking my revenge on my daughter
then maleficent says that i was also a
girl and remember what have you done
with me
there was still some sympathy in
maleficent's heart she says to stefan
that there is a solution
if your daughter will get her true love
on her 16th birthday
her life can be saved stefan becomes
worried because of this
he calls three small princesses and asks
them to take her daughter far from here
don't bring her here till she turns 16
years otherwise her curse will be true
after it he moves to attack the forest
but he couldn't do this
because maleficent has covered the
boundaries of the forest with her powers
no human can enter that forest then we
see that princess
the daughter of stefan her name was
aurora those three fairies were taken
her far
but maleficent still knows her place
that where she was living
she tries to make her scared but that
small baby girl means princess aurora
starts smiling
now the heart of maleficent becoming
soft for her because maleficent was a
good fairy
she was not a cruel woman the three
fairies who take care of princess aurora
were careless
maleficent saves aurora's life often
sometimes she falls from the mountain or
sometimes from trees
with time princess aurora grows older
princess aurora was now 15 years old
this means only one year left to
complete her curse
now those fairies were taken her to the
place that place was in a boundary
that place was surrounded by the high
woods princess aurora has also not seen
the outer world
as maleficent has not seen so she was in
suspense that what is outside
one day she goes there and starts seeing
there meanwhile
she feels that there is someone she says
that if there is someone come in front
i have to ask many questions now
maleficent
was there she comes in front of princess
aurora
princess aurora screams after seeing her
and says that you are the one who tasks
care of me from my childhood
why you didn't come in front of me you
are my godmother
i recognize you and that crow with you i
also like that crow
maleficent wasn't expecting that answer
so she also becomes happy from the
inside
as i have told you that she was a good
fairy she starts loving aurora
now she doesn't want that the curse
complete had i gave her
they have developed a good friendship
they live together
play together and talk to each other
like a mother daughter
but when princess aurora was sleeping
maleficent tries to take that curse back
while using her powers
but she comes to know that the curse of
many years can't be taken back
especially when it's time for that curse
to be complete
because of this maleficent was worried
because her 16th birthday was near then
she prays that soon she will get her
true love
so that her curse will reverse after it
we see that in the morning princess
aurora and maleficent were talking in
the forest
princess aurora asks maleficent that
where are your wings
all fairies have wings then maleficent
says i also had wings
but a human had snatched them from me i
was happy with them
i used to fly high in the sky i miss my
wings
with this maleficent was about to weep
then princess aurora makes her quiet and
says don't worry
tomorrow is my 16th birthday and i will
take permission and will come to you to
live with you
you are not alone i am with you but
maleficent know that this wasn't
possible
until she gets her true love it can't
happen in one day
princess aurora was going to her home
from there she sees a boy on her way
he was handsome he was of her age as
they see each other they like each other
well after it princess aurora goes to
her home from there
she says to three fairies that i want to
leave from here
she was saying to them that i want to go
to maleficent far from this house
the fairies think that maybe she knew
that thing that her parents are still
alive and she wants to go to the kingdom
after her birthday those three fairies
tell her the truth
that what has happened and there is an
evil fairy who wants to kill you
they tell her that was none other than
maleficent hearing
it princess aurora didn't believe her
ears being sad she goes to maleficent
she asks her that is the true what i
have heard
maleficent says to her with love that
yes it is true i have given you the
curse
but now my heart has changed i have done
this just because of your father
i don't want you to die i love you so
much but
princess aurora was hurt and leaves from
there she runs towards that kingdom
going there she hugs her father means
king stefan
she says that father i missed you a lot
i think that i am alone
her father gets aggressive with those
three fairies i said that i have told
you to bring aurora after one day of her
16th birthday
then while knowing everything why you
brought her here when the curse is about
to complete
he orders his army to send her back
locks her in a room
there should not be anything around her
and none will go in that room
but that king can't stop the curse
as the 16th birthday of princess aurora
comes
due to the effect of the curse princess
aurora automatically moves to that place
where the spinning pins are
there were needles on them due to the
curse she touches that needle
then she gets faint she goes into a deep
sleep
the king was worried because now his
daughter was in deep sleep
she will never wake up maleficent was
also feeling sad
she calls that boy who met with princess
aurora on her way
she thinks that maybe they both like
each other maybe if he meets princess
aurora
she will wake up then maleficent goes to
that place with that boy where price's
aurora was sleeping
meanwhile the fairy who was present
there she takes care of princess aurora
she says to the king that you are the
father of princess aurora
kiss her forehead maybe she wakes up
maybe you are her true love
[Music]
then king stefan says no i can never be
someone's true love
i deceive maleficent that's why this is
happening
now when maleficent takes that boy there
and he goes near princess aurora
princess aurora doesn't wake up then
maleficent comes to know he is not her
true love
seeing it maleficent starts weeping then
she says to her that i will miss you a
lot
i will miss your smile i can never
forget you
saying it while weeping maleficent
kisses her forehead
then she was about to leave from there
but then she hears a voice from behind
stop godmother that was the voice of
princess aurora
yes the true love of princess aurora was
maleficent
because she loves her from the heart
princess aurora says to maleficent that
i want to live with you in the forest
then maleficent was about to move from
there while taking her with her
but then the army of the stefan throws a
net on them
that was an iron net that can burn the
fairies here maleficent was helpless
then she makes her crow a dragon that
crow which is now a dragon starts
putting out the fire of its mouth
it burns all the people present there
maleficent was free now
but then king stefan arrives there with
his left army members
he has worn an iron shield to kill
maleficent for always
on the other side princess aurora sees
the wings of maleficent
those wings were moving like they knew
that their owner was there
princess aurora releases those wings
they automatically attach with
maleficent
maleficent again holds them she flies
stefan with her
but she doesn't throw him down from the
building stefan was about to attack her
due to it they both were about to fall
from the building
means from the castle stefan has held
the wings of maleficent
to stop her from flying but as they were
about to fall on the ground maleficent
opens her wings
and she flies due to it stefan falls to
the ground and dies
this means that greedy man was not in
this world now
everything was fine the next morning we
see that maleficent removes all the
boundaries
those she had placed around the forest
there the flowers bloom again
the greenery returns after it she says
to princess aurora that now you are the
queen of this forest
the kingdom and the forest were together
and all start living happily
hear this movie maleficent part 1 ends
subscribe for watch more video turn
notification on
please comment and like share thank you
for watching